Help on: month names

The months in the Vermin calendar are named after legendary
historical events. These events are often widely celebrated
during the first days of each month. Here is a recount of
the legends associated with the months:

1. Month of the Slaughtered Orc

During this month, the people celebrate the capture of the
most famous orc thief ever, Rrgah. Rrgah was put to death
in an extremely cruel and unusual fashion by the tyrant
ruling Vermin city at that time. Orcs, who wholly approve
both thievery and gratuitous violence, tend to party
especially hard in this month to honor the memory of Rrgah.

2. Month of the Critical Hit

Once during this month, the Vermin city was under siege by
an army of trolls led by an especially large and vicious
troll king. The legends tell that the siege was broken by
a single critical hit scored by a mighty human mercenary.
The hit was powerful enough to shatter both the king's head
and the morale of the sieging army to pieces.

3. Month of the Longsword

This month derives its name from a powerful magical sword,
some say the mightiest ever forged. There are a lot of
magical swords going around, though, and these days nobody
remembers exactly which of them is celebrated. This is why
the tradition is for warriors to test the might of their
swords in friendly duels during the month.

4. Month of the Roosting Dragon

A roosting dragon is the fiercest, and once during this
month one decided to settle on the nearby Openty Mountains.
It managed to scorch dozens of knights before one of them
managed to finally slay the beast. The people hold open-
air barbeque parties commemorating the bravery of the
knights who died in battle.

5. Month of the Overzealous Paladin

This month is dedicated to a paladin of legendary power, who
came to Vermin city on a holy quest to purge all evil. The
death count was the highest ever recorded during a single
day.

6. Month of the Wizard's Staff

Once, a time of great economic depression struck the Vermin
empire during this month. Even the obscenely wealthy mages
guild had serious financial problems. In an previously
unheard of move, the head wizard had to fire most of his
staff.

7. Month of the Scantly Clad Berserker

During this month, the mortal enemies of a famous barbarian
warrior accidentally stumbled upon him while he was taking
a bath at a local inn. In his fury, the barbarian assaulted
his foes without bothering to don his his armor or loincloth.
The news of this deed spread throughout the barbarian
community, and naked fighting became the new rage overnight.

8. Month of the Coffee Elemental

An unfortunate accident in the alchemists guild involving
an experimental coffee making machine gave the name to this
month. A water elemental tainted by coffee rampaged the 
streets of Cattlebridge unchecked for a week, keeping
everyone awake. A team of friendly giants finally managed to
defeat the elemental by drinking it. Being now granted the
power of requiring no sleep, they went on to found a chain
of successful 24/7 fast food stores.

9. Month of the Crosseyed Basilisk

Once during this month, a basilisk assaulted Vermin city.
This is a rather common event, but this basilisk is
remembered because its crosseyedness made it imprevious to
the mirrors usually employed to dispose of its ilk. The
monster's gaze turned people to stone left and right,
threatening the doom of the city, until a blind wandering
monk defeated it with a powerful display of martial arts.

10. Month of the Wicked Witch

During this month, the people remember a mischievous witch who
contaminated the watersupply of Vermin city with her strange
brewages. Not much was recorded of that crazy afternoon, but
substantial advancements to local brewery technology were
derived from researching the mixtures made by the witch.

11. Month of the Bald Werewolf

A particulary cunning werewolf terrorized the countryside
once during this month. The wolf disguised its true form by
shaving regularly. Fortunately, the coming winter was a
cold one, and the country folks managed to drive the beast
out of its lair during a cold snap. Without the protective
fur, the werewolf eventually freezed to death.

12. Month of the Madly Rotating Buccaneer

The origin of this month's name is lost in the mists of
time, but the people celebrate nevertheless.

13. Month of the Sneaky Rat

The Sneaky Rat was a legendary assassin who kept the upper
class of Vermin city in terror. He managed to escape
capture multiple times by disappearing into the maze of 
sewers under the city. The legend tells that after a month
of operations, he finally had to retire because the
dreadful smell of the sewers would cling to him and give
up his movements.


